Review (#1)
geun-son/armeria: site/src/pages/tutorials/thrift/blog/implement-delete.mdx

---
menuTitle: "Implement DELETE"
order: 6
category: thrift
tags:
  - server
level: basic
type: step
---

# Implementing DELETE operation

So far, we've created, read, and updated a blog post. Now, let's implement and make a call to finally delete a blog post.

<TutorialSteps current={6} />

## What you need

You need to have the files obtained from previous steps:

- [Java code generated](/tutorials/thrift/blog/define-service#compile-the-thrift-file)
- blog.thrift(both server and client)
- Main.java
- BlogService.java
- BlogClient.java
- BlogServiceExceptionHandler.java

## 1. Implement server-side

Let's implement a service method `deleteBlogPost()` in `BlogServiceImpl.java` we've been working on.

> 1. Add a service method and a struct in 'blog.thrift' for deleting a blog post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a service method and a struct in the blog.thrift file for deleting a blog post.
```

  ```thrift filename=blog.thrift
  ...
  /**
   * A request object for deleting a blog post.
   */
  struct DeleteBlogPostRequest {
      1: i32 id;
  }
  ...
  /**
   * My first BlogService in Armeria!
   */
  service BlogService {
  ...
    /**
     * Deletes a blog post.
     */
    void deleteBlogPost(1:DeleteBlogPostRequest request) throws (1:BlogNotFoundException e),
  }
  ```

> 2. Add a service method, `deleteBlogPost()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a service method, `deleteBlogPost()` in the class `BlogServiceImpl`.
```
위에서도 같은 표현(Add a service method)이 있어서, 구분하기 위해 in the class ~를 넣어주면 좋을 것 같아요.

  ```java filename=BlogServiceImpl.java
  import example.armeria.blog.thrift.DeleteBlogPostRequest;

  public class BlogServiceImpl implements BlogService.AsyncIface {
    ...
    @Override
    public void deleteBlogPost(DeleteBlogPostRequest request, AsyncMethodCallback<Void> resultHandler)
            throws TException {
        final BlogPost removed = blogPosts.remove(request.getId());
        if (removed == null) {
            resultHandler.onError(
                    new IllegalArgumentException("The blog post does not exist. ID: " + request.getId()));
        } else {
            resultHandler.onComplete(null);
        }
    }
  }
  ```

## 2. Implement client-side

Add a method `deleteBlogPost()` to send a request to delete a blog post.

> 1. Add a service method and a struct in 'blog.thrift' for deleting a blog post just like the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a service method and a struct for deleting a blog post in the blog.thrift file, as we did in [1. Implement server-side](#1-implement-server-side).
```

> 2. Add a service method, `deleteBlogPost()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a service method, `deleteBlogPost()` in the class `BlogClient`.
```
